1. Ahmed is a sales manager with a major insurance company. He has received an email that is
encouraging him to click on a link and fill out a survey. He is suspicious of the email, but it
does mention a major insurance association, and that makes him think it might be legitimate.
Which of the following best describes this attack?
A. Phishing
B. Social engineering
C. Spear phishing
D. Trojan horse
■
2. You are a security administrator for a medium-sized bank. You have discovered a piece of
software on your bank’s database server that is not supposed to be there. It appears that the
software will begin deleting database files if a specific employee is terminated. What best
describes this?
A. Worm
B. Logic bomb
C. Trojan horse
D. Rootkit
■
3. You are responsible for incident response at Acme Bank. The Acme Bank website has been
attacked. The attacker used the login screen, but rather than enter login credentials, they
entered some odd text: ' or '1' = '1. What is the best description for this attack?
A. Cross-site scripting
B. Cross-site request forgery
C. SQL injection
D. ARP poisoning
■
4. Users are complaining that they cannot connect to the wireless network. You discover that
the WAPs are being subjected to a wireless attack designed to block their Wi-Fi signals.
Which of the following is the best label for this attack?
A. IV attack
B. Jamming
C. WPS attack
D. Botnet
■
5. Frank is deeply concerned about attacks to his company’s e-commerce server. He is particularly
worried about cross-site scripting and SQL injection. Which of the following would best
defend against these two specific attacks?
A. Encrypted web traffic
B. Input validation
C. A firewall
D. An IDS
■
6. You are responsible for network security at Acme Company. Users have been reporting that
personal data is being stolen when using the wireless network. They all insist they only connect
to the corporate wireless access point (AP). However, logs for the AP show that these
users have not connected to it. Which of the following could best explain this situation?
A. Session hijacking
B. Clickjacking
C. Rogue access point
D. Bluejacking
■
7. What type of attack depends on the attacker entering JavaScript into a text area that is
intended for users to enter text that will be viewed by other users?
A. SQL injection
B. Clickjacking
C. Cross-site scripting
D. Bluejacking
■
8. Rick wants to make offline brute-force attacks against his password file very difficult
for attackers. Which of the following is not a common technique to make passwords
harder to crack?
A. Use of a salt
B. Use of a pepper
C. Use of a purpose-built password hashing algorithm
D. Encrypting password plain text using symmetric encryption
9. What term is used to describe spam over Internet messaging services?
A. SPIM
B. SMSPAM
C. IMSPAM
D. TwoFaceTiming
■
10. Susan is analyzing the source code for an application and discovers a pointer de-reference
and returns NULL. This causes the program to attempt to read from the NULL pointer and
results in a segmentation fault. What impact could this have for the application?
A. A data breach
B. A denial-of-service condition
C. Permissions creep
D. Privilege escalation
■